[Term Entry] Pandas `.to_datetime()` (#1790)
Codecademy/docs: content/pandas/concepts/built-in-functions/to-datetime/to-datetime.md

Reviewer: You are still missing the metadata. There needs to be a metadata section at the start of your entry. Please follow this link: https://github.com/Codecademy/docs/blob/main/documentation/style-guide.md#metadata and read the instructions there about adding the metadata to your entry.

| arg | int, float, str, datetime, list, tuple, 1-d array, Series, DateTime/dict-like | Converts given data into a datetime |
| errors | 'ignore', 'raise', 'coerce' | returns specific exception depends in given parameter |
| dayfirst | bool (default False) | if Trie is selected, the day will be given first |
| yearfirst | bool (default True) | if True is selected, the year will be given first. If dayfirst and yearfirst is True, yearfirst is more important |
| utc | bool (default None) | whenever True is selected, output is converted into UTC timezone|
| format | str (default None) | helpfull in analyzing time, more info. in 'str' docs |
| exact | bool (default True) | defines how format is used |
| unit | str (default 'ns') | defines a unit, float or integer number |
| infer_datetime_format | bool (default False) | whenever True is selected, datetime string format is based on NaN element
| origin | scalar (default unix) | reference date is based on that |
| cache | bool (default True) | is beeing used in datetime conversion, works only with at least 50 values |

## Example
```
import pandas as pd
my_list = ['2039/11/09']
xyz = pd.to_datetime(my_list)
print(xyz)
```

> Output: `DatetimeIndex(['2039-11-09'], dtype='datetime64[ns]', freq=None)`

Reviewer: This should be in its own ` ```shell ` code block like this:

````
This example results in the following output:

```shell
DatetimeIndex(['2039-11-09'], dtype='datetime64[ns]', freq=None)
```
````

> # to_datetime()

Reviewer: Remove the first header `# to_datetime()` the title of the entry will be provided by the metadata, whiach you still need to add.

The to_datetime() function in the Pandas library of Python converts a string representation of a date or time to a datetime object.

> ## Syntax

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Syntax

```
line break before and after headers

> This function can be used via pandas library. It returns us structure in datetime format. We can use various input arguments as showned and described below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This function can be used via the Pandas library. It returns a value in datetime format. Various input arguments can be used as shown and described below.

```
line break before and after code blocks

```

| Parameter name | Data type | Usage |
| -------------- | --------- | ----- |
| arg | int, float, str, datetime, list, tuple, 1-d array, Series, DateTime/dict-like | Converts given data into a datetime |
| errors | 'ignore', 'raise', 'coerce' | returns specific exception depends in given parameter |
| dayfirst | bool (default False) | if Trie is selected, the day will be given first |
| yearfirst | bool (default True) | if True is selected, the year will be given first. If dayfirst and yearfirst is True, yearfirst is more important |
| utc | bool (default None) | whenever True is selected, output is converted into UTC timezone|
| format | str (default None) | helpfull in analyzing time, more info. in 'str' docs |
| exact | bool (default True) | defines how format is used |
| unit | str (default 'ns') | defines a unit, float or integer number |
| infer_datetime_format | bool (default False) | whenever True is selected, datetime string format is based on NaN element
| origin | scalar (default unix) | reference date is based on that |
| cache | bool (default True) | is beeing used in datetime conversion, works only with at least 50 values |

> ## Example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Example

```
line break before and after headers

> First section of the following code shows us how to import needed library and how to create list of string. After that, it calls our function and prints results into console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First section of the following code shows how to import the needed library and how to create list of string. After that, it calls the `.to_datetime()` function and prints results onto the console.

```
line break before and after code blocks

```py
import pandas as pd
my_list = ['2039/11/09']

xyz = pd.to_datetime(my_list)
print(xyz)
```

> The following output will be showned:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

This example results in the following output:

```

---
Title: '.to_datetime()'
Description: 'Reads inputs representation and returns it into data-time type'
Subjects:
  - 'Data Science'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Date'
  - 'Display'
  - 'Pandas'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-python-3'
  - 'paths/data-science '
---

> The **to_datetime()** function in the Pandas library of Python. It reads a string (or another) representation of a **date** and **time** to a **datetime object**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`to_datetime()`** function in the Pandas library of Python reads a string (or another) representation of a date and time into a datetime object.
```

## Syntax

> This function can be used via the Pandas library. It returns a value in datetime format. Various input arguments can be used as shown and described below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This function returns a value in datetime format. Various input arguments can be used as shown and described below.
```

```py
pandas.to_datetime(arg, format=None, errors='raise', dayfirst=False, yearfirst=False, utc=None, box=True, infer_datetime_format=False, origin='unix', cache=True)
```

| Parameter name | Data type | Usage |
| -------------- | --------- | ----- |
| arg | int, float, str, datetime, list, tuple, 1-d array, Series, DateTime/dict-like | Converts given data into a datetime |
| errors | 'ignore', 'raise', 'coerce' | returns specific exception depends in given parameter |

> | dayfirst | bool (default False) | if Trie is selected, the day will be given first |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| dayfirst | bool (default False) | if `True` is selected, the day will be given first |
```

> | yearfirst | bool (default True) | if `True` is selected, the year will be given first. If `dayfirst` and `yearfirst` is `True`, `yearfirst` is more important |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `yearfirst` | bool (default `True`) | Specifies that the str or list-like object begins with a year |
```

> | yearfirst | bool (default True) | if True is selected, the year will be given first. If dayfirst and yearfirst is True, yearfirst is more important |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| yearfirst | bool (default True) | if `True` is selected, the year will be given first. If `dayfirst` and `yearfirst` is `True`, `yearfirst` is more important |
```

> | utc | bool (default None) | whenever `True` is selected, output is converted into UTC time zone |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `utc` | bool (default `None`) | When `True`, output is converted to UTC time zone |
```

> | format | str (default None) | helpfull in analyzing time, more info. in 'str' docs |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `format` | str (default `None`) | Pass a strftime to specify the format of the datetime conversion |
```

> | exact | bool (default True) | defines how format is used |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `exact` | bool (default `True`) | Determines how the format parameter is applied |
```

> | unit | str (default 'ns') | defines a unit, float or integer number |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `unit` | str (default 'ns') | Specifies the units of the passed object |
```

> | infer_datetime_format | bool (default False) | whenever `True` is selected, datetime string format is based on `NaN` element

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `infer_datetime_format` | bool (default `False`) | When `True`, and no format has been passed, the datetime string will be based on the first non-`NaN` element within the object |
```

> | infer_datetime_format | bool (default False) | whenever True is selected, datetime string format is based on NaN element

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| infer_datetime_format | bool (default False) | whenever `True` is selected, datetime string format is based on `NaN` element
```

> | origin | scalar (default unix) | reference date is based on that |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `origin` | scalar (default unix) | Sets the reference date |
```

> | cache | bool (default True) | is beeing used in datetime conversion, works only with at least 50 values |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `cache` | bool (default `True`) | Allows the use of a unique set of converted dates to apply the conversion (only applied when object contains at least 50 values) |
```

## Example

> First section of the following code shows how to import the needed library and how to create list of string. After that, it calls the `.to_datetime()` function and prints results onto the console.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The code below demonstrates the conversion of a string to a datetime object with the `.to_datetime()` function.
```

```py
import pandas as pd

> my_list = ['2039/11/09']

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
my_list = ['11/09/30']
```

> xyz = pd.to_datetime(my_list)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
xyz = pd.to_datetime(my_list, dayfirst=True)
```

Reviewer 2: I thought it might be instructive to demonstrate how the use of one of the parameters determines the parsing of the object

print(xyz)
```

This example results in the following output::

```shell

> DatetimeIndex(['2039-11-09'], dtype='datetime64[ns]', freq=None)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
DatetimeIndex(['2030-11-09'], dtype='datetime64[ns]', freq=None)
```

---
Title: '.to_datetime()'
Description: 'Reads inputs representation and returns it into data-time type'
Subjects:
  - 'Data Science'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Date'
  - 'Display'
  - 'Pandas'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-python-3'
  - 'paths/data-science '
---

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
remove extra line break

The **to_datetime()** function in the Pandas library of Python. It reads a string (or another) representation of a **date** and **time** to a **datetime object**.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
remove extra line break

> -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
remove this

## Syntax

> -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
remove this

```

| Parameter name | Data type | Usage |
| -------------- | --------- | ----- |
| arg | int, float, str, datetime, list, tuple, 1-d array, Series, DateTime/dict-like | Converts given data into a datetime |
| errors | 'ignore', 'raise', 'coerce' | returns specific exception depends in given parameter |
| dayfirst | bool (default False) | if Trie is selected, the day will be given first |
| yearfirst | bool (default True) | if True is selected, the year will be given first. If dayfirst and yearfirst is True, yearfirst is more important |
| utc | bool (default None) | whenever True is selected, output is converted into UTC timezone|
| format | str (default None) | helpfull in analyzing time, more info. in 'str' docs |
| exact | bool (default True) | defines how format is used |
| unit | str (default 'ns') | defines a unit, float or integer number |
| infer_datetime_format | bool (default False) | whenever True is selected, datetime string format is based on NaN element
| origin | scalar (default unix) | reference date is based on that |
| cache | bool (default True) | is beeing used in datetime conversion, works only with at least 50 values |

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
remove extra line break

> -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
remove this

## Example

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
remove extra line break

> -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
remove this
